hi I'm Cathy from Ricky Doreen I'm here
for the test ray of new Vista 90 and we
have been spending the time with Vista
for last two days and we have been
driving the rest in and around Pune and
out on the highway to with more and more
company just coming into this hatchback
segment I believe that God has made a
perfect move by launching a powerful
variant of the Vista one this 90 PS
engine is power mated with a five-speed
manual transmission gearbox and this
driving mechanism makes this gear shift
much more smoother and it's precise -
and the clutch is also complementing the
gearbox and it's actually it's price is
almost close to the butter smooth what
you what we used to call and the
steering feedback it has more areas
improved reasonably
this new Vista comes up with 93 years of
air engine which which is an incredible
power power generating machine for a
small hatchback car it's drivable much
more in the city and out on the highways
it zooms past like a highway rate as
like a car much they above its segment I
believe that it should be not only for
the auto engineers but for family
this an INT comes up with the integrated
music system which has an USB
compatibility as well as an ancillary
port to connect with any of your music
devices inside the cap in this indica as
many of the customers know that it's
asked voluminous and a spacious for all
the occupants in fact it can be called
as a true five seater hatchback car
along with this new engine and the
smooth gearshift it makes you to drive
comfortably even for a longer time the
vista is voluminous inside the cabin the
smoother steering and the shorter
turning radius makes it easy to park and
easy to make u-turns
but I highlight a sporty accent too with
the launch of this mr. 90 the comfort
and the space the you the virtue of
indica family series has been detained
in this car too and it's more much more
comfortable we have driven across bad
potholed roads rural roads but we found
that it's as equal as any comfortable
car in this class
mr. ninety nothing bad performance yet
affordable